this is the footage sent to me as
evidence in my appeal against entering a
box Junction on new cross road during
the space of just two minutes you will
also see two other vehicles filmed
netting TfL potential 180 to 360 pounds
and fines the grounds for my appeal are
that the Box Junction is very faded its
measurements and size are incorrect and
that the camera operator did not have a
clear single shot of our license plate
while it was in the box junction area
this still is supposed to be part of TF
is evidence that the box junction in
question is clearly visible and that it
is in a good state of repair the problem
here though is that it is dated more
than four months before our alleged
offence this is another still provided
as evidence from CFL and this one is
dated more than five months before the
alleged offence have a look at the
position of the pavements and the
distance from the box junction along
with the faded red lines now look at a
still from the actual date of the
alleged offence the pavement has been
moved several feet from the box and the
red lines have been repainted it's funny
how the yellow box hasn't been repainted
it's practically non-existent in the
right hand section when I first received
the penalty notice I went myself after
work to take some photos as evidence I
knew they had been roadworks in the area
for the last year because the whole road
layout was being changed due to this
many road markings had been removed or
faded and pavements were being changed
or moved around several feet at such the
state of the yellowbox junction during
the day of the alleged offence looked
like it had been in fact partially
removed with the change of the pavements
and repainting of the red lines it would
therefore not be enforceable in his
current condition on this corner the
pavement has been moved back around two
to three feet and part of the Box
tarmacked over this shows the visible
difference between a freshly painted red
line compared to a faded yellow one from
some angles the box is completely
invisible
especially for drivers sitting low down
but not so much for a camera located 20
to 30 feet in the air above it this
shows the difference between the freshly
painted box on the opposite side of the
why weren't they both painted well
that's easy because traffic rarely forms
on the other side but due to the
bottleneck on the eastbound side caused
by the sudden appearance of a bus lane
motorists are much likely to be caught
out last minute guaranteeing a nice flow
of cash one of the regulations for a
boxed junction is that it must go right
up to the curb corner to corner
recently the Box Junction in question
was finally repainted and as such you
can just see that the position of the
previous faded box was not only several
feet away from the pavement it was
several feet away from the corner to
these before-and-after shots show an
invisible box suddenly visible now has
been properly repainted this one shows
the corner of the box in a terrible
state then with all the road markings
freshly painted visible and legal
another possible fact that I'm trying to
confirm is correct is that the lines
must go into two corners of the box well
in the freshly painted one and the
previous faded one a line can clearly be
seen only going into one of the corners
look at this example case of a person it
was fine for a box Junction offense she
had a fine quashed because of the faded
lines and that they didn't run right up
to the curb as far as I'm concerned TfL
saw that this box made more for them the
more faded it got and more so when the
drivers assumed it was in such a bad
state of repair that it surely wasn't
being enforced so they left repainting
it as long as they could